hi beauties how are you so thanks for
stopping mikeandjess beauty corner I
want to thank all the new subbies all
the old subbies everyone the guys the
women everybody I have guys on here that
usually leave you little nice not
nothing disrespectful but encouraging me
to be a better person it's 73 funky high
and I also want to say hello to everyone
naturally fashionable I always do that I
can't think anyone and then I said I
only use I'm shout out but I can't think
of it so just know that I love you guys
and you all are amazing and so two
things first thing is i'm closing my
boutique the storefront I'm closing the
store front of my boutique because what
many people don't realize is that i have
a full-time job I have a career and I
wish that I can do this you know all the
time but when i had the boutique open i
work seven days a week you know and that
leaves out time to not spend with my
family and family comes first i love you
guys but family comes first and i bet
you my family's time and I just can't do
it I would say that you know I'm
independent and I'm do this and I'm I'm
a superwoman I'm not I'm human I get
tired I get fatigued you know I need to
be able to rest so what I will be doing
again is closing the boutique in in
store and have everything online I want
to have a new website or new launch a
website I'm going to still have things
that I tried on so that y'all can see
them I want to go back to my old self
and what I did before I actually open
the boutique but I have to cater to my
husband I have to be there for my family
I'm going to start my own little family
now and I have a job and i work 40 hours
a week sometimes over and then it's hard
to just maintain both ok
I want to continue to do what I love to
do and that's fashion and provide plus
size clothing for everyone so that you
can love yourself but I don't want to
get to the point where I'm sick of doing
it because I'm always tired so that's my
explanation of why I'm closing the store
from boutique and I know you all
understand but family comes first okay
um other than that I'm just going to
relaunch everything my wedding is over
so I can get back to normal do videos
tutorials things are a little different
one thing that i do see on youtube is
that a lot of people do the same thing
there's nothing wrong with that but I
want to try and step outside of the box
and do things pertaining to being
plus-size or things that are not
expected for a plus-size women to do so
i'm going to put my thinking cap on and
provide some new things for you all and
I hope you like them I'm still on
facebook Kim just be the corner I'm on
Instagram beautiful kyndra so you can
always see me and talk to me my outfit
of the day my hair is like doing this
weird thing it's not curling on this
side but it's curled on this side but
basically all I did was just tease it
and flip it that's it my lip is girl
about town by mac my blush is magenta by
mac and here's my outfit okay so here's
my outfit all it is is this detailed
shirt that I got from forever 21 I got
about two years ago I just love the
sequins right there on the shoulder love
that it is long sleeve but I rolled it
up because it is hot in Houston I have
some short time that y'all seen before
and I got these from new york and
company and i love them i love short
shorts we're going on my legs look as
long as I'm happy that's all that counts
my shoes are by Lucien II um
dot-com you can see those these are my
favorite shoes I love them and that's it
it's my outfit okay still on my weight
loss journey still staying positive
tonight is my second honeymoon with my
husband and I'm just going to dress nice
and get sexy for them and I feel sexy so
be you be positive f what the world says
do you and be happy as long as you are
happy to have a smile on your face
absolutely nothing else matters okay
when you love yourself nothing else
matters nothing nothing nothing nothing
okay pray have got in your heart and
you'll be all right love you see you
soon bye